6.2.2.6
-------

Security
========

This release addresses several critical CVEs.

:cve:`CVE-2021-25287`: An issue was discovered in Pillow before 8.2.0. There is an out-of-bounds read in J2kDecode, in j2ku_graya_la.

:cve:`CVE-2021-25288`: An issue was discovered in Pillow before 8.2.0. There is an out-of-bounds read in J2kDecode, in j2ku_gray_i.

:cve:`CVE-2021-34552`: Pillow through 8.2.0 and PIL (aka Python Imaging Library) through 1.1.7 allow an attacker to pass controlled parameters directly into a convert function to trigger a buffer overflow in Convert.c.

:cve:`CVE-2022-22817`: PIL.ImageMath.eval in Pillow before 9.0.0 allows evaluation of arbitrary expressions, such as ones that use the Python exec method. A lambda expression could also be used,

:cve:`CVE-2021-27921`: Pillow before 8.1.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) because the reported size of a contained image is not properly checked for a BLP container, and thus an attempted memory allocation can be very large.

:cve:`CVE-2021-27923`: Pillow before 8.1.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) because the reported size of a contained image is not properly checked for an ICO container, and thus an attempted memory allocation can be very large.

:cve:`CVE-2021-25292`: An issue was discovered in Pillow before 8.1.1. The PDF parser allows a regular expression DoS (ReDoS) attack via a crafted PDF file because of a catastrophic backtracking regex.

:cve:`CVE-2021-27922`: Pillow before 8.1.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) because the reported size of a contained image is not properly checked for an ICNS container, and thus an attempted memory allocation can be very large.

:cve:`CVE-2022-24303`: Pillow before 9.0.1 allows attackers to delete files because spaces in temporary pathnames are mishandled.

